my name is ana isabel corner i am
midwife since this year that finished the
residency I created the blog planner
because I called plan and go because a
goal is in a plan it's just a wish
That is the phrase of Saint Exupéry with the
that I studied the air and had it very
clear that a goal without a plan is a
desire and that you had to fight for it
I decided to create the blog afterwards when
I finished the residency and I already had a
A little more time with the function of
accompany students who are
preparing this exam is directed
fundamentally to the people who are
wants to prepare exams but also
is open to everyone who is
interested in the specialization of
nursing because many times what
I also make a claim to try
make our profession visible and that everything
world that is interested in defending it
so you can participate in fact one of
the most important parts for me in the
blog are going to be comments is something
I want it to be interactive, I'm going
doing post chronologically in
function of all the novelties that go
arising in the air test after attempt
give the data that I know are from
interest for them and that at that time
they will be trusted because this
blog at the end of what it is about is
bring confidence that I think is the
weak point that the opponent has and a
of the things that I have pending
to post
also in the blog is the new
application that I created for the
preparation of the exam that is going to
call simulation follow the function more
important that will have that application
is that we will be able to compare is
say that the application is going to tell you in
what position have you left with respect to
rest of the students one of the
options that I have on the blog is a
clock that is marking the time that
is for the exam but that is not
try to overwhelm and think what I
is left to study because in fact what
that I put down is two months left and
three days to be a resident my advice
final for students who love each other
prepare read is that really that
trust them to be cured
much in which that is happening or is
take the square
no no no